[upbeat music]
- Aw, I loved Olympifury.
[glass shatters, horn honks]
- Green Fury is saving people
in a burning building!
[dramatic music]
*
[whooshing]
- Thanks.
- You'll be okay here.
- Green Fury,
is that guy your new boyfriend?
- Have you gained
a bunch of weight
since The Olympian dumped you?
- Did he dump you because
you didn't want children?
- Or did he dump you
because you do?
- Hey! This woman just saved
an entire building,
and all you care about
is who she's dating?
- Yes! Thank you!
And I don't understand
why people
keep calling me
Green Fury.
I mean, I understand
the "Green" part,
but I literally save people's
lives for a living!
[Jack-O-Lantern laughing evilly]
- Watch out!
[fireball whooshes]
[Emily grunts]
- Green Fury!
- You okay?
- Yeah. Thanks.
Hey! I owe you one.
- Oh.
- If you're ever in trouble,
just push that button.
- Thanks. I will.
[whooshing]
[chuckles softly]
Oh, come on.
- Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
You bitch.
You knew I liked her.
- Wh--
- How dare you?
- No--
[scoffs]
[heroic music]
*
- So you're telling me, if you
push that, Green Fury will come?
- It's what she said.
- I'll give you $10,000 for it.
- It's for emergencies, Teddy.
And Green Fury just came off
dating The Olympian.
I don't know if you're her type.
both: Ooh!
- Okay. All right, all right.
If it's the abs things,
I been working on mine.
I watched this YouTube video
all about airbrush contouring
for this area,
and it's pretty photo-real
if I just, like,
constantly stand in front of her
at the exact same angle.
- We did a dry run.
I was mesmerized.
- Uh-huh. Shredded!
[chuckles]
- I'll kick in 500 bucks
if I can be there
to watch her break his heart.
- Aww, thank you, Wendy.
Okay, so we're at $10,500 now.
Are you really gonna walk away
from that?
So are you walking away
from that,
or are you just...
walking away?
- Ah, there she is!
Who's ready
for her first board meeting?
- This gal!
- [laughs]
- I can't believe the board
even knows who I am.
- They don't!
They said if I wanted to bring
a lesser person
to make me feel important,
that I could.
- Well, they'll know
who I am soon.
I've got some great ideas
on the Wayne Security Poncho.
Do you want me to tell you now
or surprise you
in front of the board?
- Ooh, I so love surprises,
but...
Listen, why don't we go
with door number three?
Hmm? You don't talk at all.
- Well, if I don't talk,
what do I do?
- Quite a bit, actually.
If I make a funny,
you make a laughy.
- But, Van, this is my chance
to meet the top executives
at the company.
Okay, it is my moment
to shine!
- And shine you will, Emily.
Shine you will.
But dimly.
Very dimly.
- Can you believe Van wants me
to sit silently
in my first board meeting?
- Actually, he's right.
If you want to move ahead
in this company,
you don't pitch them
your ideas.
You tell the idiots
in that boys club
how brilliant
their ideas are.
- So you want me
to be a yes-man?
- It works for Van.
He is the Mozart
of sucking up.
- Jackie, hey,
send Charles a cheese log
as a congratulations
for his vasectomy.
He'll get that
that's a penis joke, right?
- I'll throw in some chestnuts
and a nutcracker.
- [laughs]
Chestnuts?
I don't get it.
- He doesn't get it.
- Mommy!
- You better not
be having any fun.
- Mom!
I hate this place,
and I'm all out of tape.
- Hey, next time you put tape
all over your face,
start with your mouth.
- Jackie!
You brought your daughter?
I love kids.
You can put anything
in their pockets,
and no one ever checks.
Hey, Ruby,
do you want to go shopping?
- Yeah!
- She can't.
She was suspended
from school
because she hit
another kid.
- Dope!
So what'd the punk do
to deserve an ass-whupping?
- Well, I don't know,
because Ruby refuses to tell me.
- Hey, do you want to go hide
thumbtacks in Steve's sandwich?
- Cool!
- No.
Unfortunately,
she's too young to understand
that you're a cautionary tale.
You're sitting quietly by me.
- Lame!
[whispering]
I'm sorry.
- You're lame!
- Your mom is so lame.
- I know.
- So we'll just toss that money
into the fake charity
we made for tax purposes,
unless anyone has
any moral objections.
[laughter]
- Don't laugh as loud as me.
- I'm not.
- Okay, shh.
- All right,
next item on the agenda
is the Wayne Security Poncho.
It is resistant to lasers,
gamma rays, fire,
and, apparently, consumers.
- Oh, no!
- Our sales are as low
as Charles' sperm count.
- [laughs]
Kink in the hose!
[laughter]
- So we are discontinuing it.
- Oh, no! The head honcho
just killed the poncho.
- Oh! Oh!
- Uh, wait a minute.
You can't just give up
on the poncho.
It's a fantastic product.
- Which no one is buying,
but you know who is?
This guy!
Come on.
First round is on me.
- Uh, no.
I would like to hear out
the young lady
who just shut down
our entire meeting.
- [laughs]
- Well, the reason
it's not selling
is because it doesn't have
a cool factor.
What we really need
is a spokesperson
that will make it cool
by association.
- Like a Kevin James.
- He is the King of Queens.
- I was thinking
someone like a superhero.
- Oh, my.
[laughter]
- Superheroes
don't do commercials.
- I can get Green Fury.
- Oh, my God.
I think maybe you could order
green curry,
but don't give any to me
because it makes me repeat.
[laughter]
[whooshing]
- Did you butt-dial me,
or do I need to ruin
someone's day?
- Um, I'm sorry,
I-I didn't get your name.
- Van Wayne.
- It's Emily. Emily Locke.
- I gave you that button
for emergencies.
- Well, and this is
an emergency,
a work emergency,
which some people would say
is actually--
- I'm not hawking
your dumb poncho.
I'm a superhero.
- Yeah. You are.
But right now,
the world sees you
like this.
- Damn it!
I was saving
that doughnut shop.
I wasn't eating there.
No one asks The Olympian
if he's packed on a few pounds,
and I eat one lousy doughnut
and I'm on every cover.
- Don't listen to them, Green.
Your body's bangin'.
- Who the hell's this dick?
- Well--
- I'm Vanderveer Wayne,
and for the record,
I think The Olympian was crazy
to dump yo' ass.
- He didn't dump me.
I dumped him.
No wonder the Justice League
doesn't take me seriously
when this crap is all they see.
- Well, what if we showed them
something else?
We will build a campaign
that will show the world
how strong, smart,
and capable you are.
The Justice League
will come crawling for you.
- Yeah, and it doesn't matter
how many guys dump you
or how many doughnuts
you stuff in your face
to drown your sorrows.
- Van, I got this.
- All right.
- Oh, what the hell?
Things can't get any worse.
I'll do it.
But if you make me look stupid
in any way,
remember that I shoot fire
out of my hands.
- Don't worry.
We're gonna make you look great.
We're the best and brightest.
- Hey, Green Fury!
I can show you
where the secret bathroom is.
- [gasps]
She's looking at me!
- No, she's looking at me!
[Wendy giggles]
- Is she okay?
- No.
- You pressed the Green Fury
button without me?
You know I have
an unhealthy obsession with her.
- Green Fury is going to be
working with us, Teddy,
so I'm gonna need you
to not act weird.
Besides, she never gave you
the time of day.
- Yeah, but I figured out why.
- Oh, because of reality?
- No.
It's because I wasn't rocking...
this.
- Oh.
- That looks uncomfortable.
- I got it from an up-and-coming
Swedish designer named Yaast.
- So you got a Yaast infection?
- [laughs]
- [laughs mockingly]
Okay, you guys
have no idea
what you're talking about.
I'm gonna go ask some people
who are paid
to give their opinion.
- Your jacket looks stupid.
- You're stupid.
- Ladies, you all look
beautiful, first off.
Thank you
for coming to our focus group.
I would remind you,
you are allowed
up to two slices of pizza,
but I have been known
to lose count, okay?
[laughter]
Now, let's talk
Scarecrow's gas mask, all right?
- Excuse me, Ron, can I borrow
these ladies for a second?
- I mean, we are in the middle
of something right--
- I'll keep it moving.
What do you think
about this jacket?
- Uh...not a fan.
- What if I told you
this jacket
is a Yaast?
- Which way do I turn the dial
if I hate something?
- Oh, to the left,
but I want to remind you
he is not a part of this--
- Looks like the kind of thing
someone I don't like would wear.
- I understand that,
but perhaps we can focus
on this mask.
- I feel like he gives off
a judgy type of vibe.
- Oh, I do?
- Yeah.
Like he thinks he's better
than everybody else.
- Okay, you know what?
- I've felt that before.
- This is not about me.
This is about
a very cool jacket
that your simple minds
can't comprehend, so...
- Oh, okay.
[Teddy blows raspberry]
Oh, um, ladies, I do want
to apologize for my friend,
and I'm gonna go ahead
and remove that two-slice limit.
It's a pizza party, y'all!
- Whimsical zipper.
- It looks stupid.
- You look stupid.
- Did he just
call you stupid?
- I mean what I say.
I mean what I say.
Stupids.
- Okay, um, Teddy?
- Yeah?
- You are testing terribly
with women age 18 to 49.
[indistinct shouting]
- The dust from the rubble
clears
as Green Fury surveys
the survivors.
She says,
"You don't need a cape
to be super.
You just need
a Wayne Security Poncho."
- Ooh.
- They put on the poncho
and follow her
into a burning building,
now completely protected.
Explosion, explosion,
explosion,
and...fade out.
[quirky music]
- That was...
*
Terr...
- Fantastic.
Fantastic!
[laughs]
You took the words
right out of my mouth.
- Emily, this is impressive.
You're gonna go very far
at this company...
as long as you're not Facebook
friends with any of our wives.
- [laughs]
I don't have a wife,
unless you count
marriages in Mexico.
No comprende.
- No.
- No comprende.
I fit in.
[dramatic music]
- Well, Superman,
you may be the Man of Steel...
unless I steal your manhood!
[saw whirring]
[both laughing maniacally]
[saw powers down]
both: Oh!
- We were emasculating Superman!
- Yeah.
- Go sit at my desk.
- Fine.
- Not you, dummy.
Ruby.
- Oh.
Bye!
- You're mean.
- Oh, my gosh.
Ruby is so awesome.
She gives the best advice, like,
"Sometimes
a cloud makes you happy.
Sometimes
a cloud makes you sad."
It's like, how does she know?
- I'm gonna shut down
this friendship
before Ruby also starts dressing
like a sexually active grandma.
- Oh! Thank you.
- She's not here to play.
She's being punished
for punching another kid.
- Oh, Miles totally
had it coming.
She had a good reason.
- Wait, she told you
why she punched him?
- Yeah...
but I can't say anything.
She made me pinkie swear.
- Tell me.
- I'm sorry, Jackie.
We pinkie sweared.
[whispering]
*
- Emily, hi, you're a single
heterosexual female
between the ages
of 24 and 35, right?
Or is this Green Fury thing
more than just
a little experimentation?
- We're just friends.
- Okay, well,
congratulations.
You've been selected
to take a short survey.
- "How sexually desirable
do you find Teddy
on a scale from one to ten?"
Teddy,
I don't have time for this.
I am on a rocket ship
to the top of this company.
- Okay, so, like, 8 1/2?
Let's call it a nine.
Keep the math easy.
Look, Ron,
you saw how I tested with women.
How am I gonna win over
Green Fury
if I can't charm a focus group?
- I'm not sure
you should put so much stock
in a group of people
we found at a mall
eating Sbarro's at 10:00 a.m.
I mean, who eats
a breakfast calzone?
- [chuckles]
- Plus, I mean,
I think you're great.
- Yeah,
but I've always tested well
with black males
ages 25 to 44.
- You're talking about me
and Dan in accounting.
- Yeah.
- Looking good, Dan!
- Great.
- I mean, we really should hire
more black people.
- I can't believe
we're actually here.
- Oh, is that jerky?
That's jerky.
- It's the big day, Emily!
Are you ready
to paint your "Mona Lisa"?
- Yeah!
[laughs]
I am so exci...ted.
What is that car for?
- Ooh.
Did they not show you
the latest?
- Mm-mm.
- It's basically--
it's your idea.
Green Fury
is fighting villains.
It's just now some
of her clothes get burnt off
because, you know, the fire.
So she's a little naked.
- Wait, what?
- You don't expect that, right?
- No.
- And now
her car's dirty
from the battle.
She's got to get it clean,
so it's sexy, sudsy.
- Where is the poncho?
- At the end.
Green Fury rises heroically
out of the hot tub,
she's wearing nothing
but bubbles and a smile,
and she says,
"I feel naked
without my
Wayne Security Poncho."
- Huh!
- It's kind of a thinker,
but let's not underestimate
the audience.
- Emily,
I need to use your purse
to store this jerky.
- Look, this isn't the campaign
I came up with.
- Look at her, being so modest.
Emily, this is all you.
Marketing just made some tweaks.
- It needed tweaks.
You know, I've been telling her
that since day one. Jerky?
- I would.
It's just the aspirin.
Anyway, Emily, congratulations.
[cell phone rings]
You're really making a name
for yourself with the board.
Oh, my God, Green Fury
is going to be so pissed.
This is the opposite
of everything--
Just take the jerky purse!
She's never gonna do this.
It's offensive!
- It's like
the old saying goes:
"If you want to make
an omelet,
you have to compromise
all of your principles."
- This isn't how I wanted
to succeed.
- Well, then it will be
how you fail.
Yes. Because it was your idea,
everyone will blame you.
- Okay, Emily.
I'm here.
What are we doing?
- That is an excellent
question.
Emily, what are we doing?
- [sighs]
- I'm so done
with "Game of Thrones."
I mean, the nudity
is just gratuitous.
It's not even, like,
sensual composition.
I mean, the fact
that it's the same network
that gave Lena Dunham
a platform
is just confounding to me,
you know?
All bodies are good bodies.
- Yeah.
- What are you talking about?
You love "Game of Thrones."
I mean, you uploaded a super cut
of all the nudity
and called it
a "thigh-light reel"...
which was very clever.
- I crunched the numbers
from the surveys,
and I found the perfect persona
to ask out Green Fury.
I am now a tough but sensitive
woke feminist
who was raised
by a single parent
after his mother was killed
trying to save Christmas.
- Okay, well, buddy,
I was with you
the last time you tried
to pick up Green Fury,
and I don't think
it's in the cards.
- Emily!
Where's Emily?
- Showtime.
Right after I apply
some guy-liner.
- Oh, you done lost
yo' damn mind.
- Oh, and don't forget,
Ruby's allergic to cats.
Also, her bedtime is 8:30,
although that's really
up to you now,
and here is her
birth certificate.
By the way,
the father is not unknown.
I was just pissed at him
that day.
- Um, what are you doing?
- Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought that you wanted
to be Ruby's mother now
because she tells you
all her secrets
and she wants
nothing to do with me.
- I can't take your kid!
My apartment is not zoned
for human habitation.
- Why did she tell you
why she hit that kid?
I gave her life.
You make ramen with hot water
from the bathroom faucet.
- Jackie, she has her reasons.
You just have to trust me.
- I don't. You're a barely
functioning human being
who has the same backpack
as a seven-year-old.
Ruby is literally the only thing
that I care about,
and I want to make sure
she doesn't end up like you.
- Stop!
I hit Miles
because he called you
a garbage lady
who can't keep a husband.
I didn't tell you
because I thought
it would hurt your feelings.
[soft music]
*
- That's okay.
You can always
tell me anything.
- Um, except
when you pinkie swear!
What the hell, Ruby?
Best friends forever!
I gave her a locket!
- And if you think about it,
you're not really naked.
You're just saying
you feel naked
without your
Wayne Security Poncho.
- So I'm not actually naked?
- No, you're definitely naked.
But it's a great example
of sex-positive feminism.
- Hey, Emily,
the patriarchy called.
They want their rationale back.
[chuckles]
Green?
No one told me
you'd be here.
It's me, Theo.
Remember? Theo?
- What happened to you?
- I'm woke now,
yeah, so, um,
what about we go
after this is done
and we get some
green smoothies,
um, but, like, what do you think
about that, like...
- Um, I think
that this is a lot.
- All right, buddy.
Come on.
I'm gonna get that smoothie
with you.
Right after we hose off
that guy-liner.
- Coexist.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
- Look, Emily.
I trust you.
If you really think
that I should do
this commercial,
I'll do it.
- No. Because it's terrible.
- I'm glad you think so,
because I was not gonna do it.
- Oh.
Okay, so we're agreed.
I don't care what this does
to my career,
but I am pulling the plug
on this thing.
- Wait. Just a second.
I like that fire,
but if I quit now,
then the headlines will read,
"Bitter green diva
walks off set."
- Well, at least it won't be
about The Olympian
breaking your heart.
- Not sure that he would mind.
Pretty sure it's him leaking
all that garbage to the press.
All that guy cares about
is being famous.
- Really?
What do you think
he's doing right now?
- Hey. Real quick.
Did I mention that my mom died
saving Christmas?
Okay. I'll see you later.
- Bye, Theo.
- Then after you're done
washing the car,
you get into the hot tub--
- Hang on. Hang on.
So you're saying I'm naked
the whole time?
- Well, it depends
on what you mean by--
- Naked the whole time.
Everybody sees everything.
Ass. Pecs.
The whole enchilada.
- I'm in.
- Boom! He's in! Grease him up.
Including the enchilada.
- Emily.
I just heard about this thing
with The Olympian.
- So did I, and I think it is--
- Yeah, I think--
- It is a very sh...
- It's great!
- Great!
Great.
- Yeah.
You're really going places,
Emily.
- Yes, we are.
- Hey, Green.
You got dinner plans later?
- With you? No.
But call me around 11:00.
We'll knock one out.
- All right.
[sultry music]
*
- You look a little cold.
The Wayne Security Poncho.
It's hot.
*
- Don't get caught naked
without one.
- Wayne Security Poncho
does not protect
against magic or rain.
- So what do you ladies think?
- Love it.
- Definitely makes me
want to buy one.
- I still don't like
that guy next to you.
- Okay, it's not about me.
- Okay, well,
you guys are free to go now.
Don't forget
your Burrito Gigante coupon
for $10 off any purchase
of $150 or more.
[both laugh]
- I should've listened to you.
I mean, I know have a reputation
of being a bit of a Lothario.
- No, no one says that.
- Debatable.
But the truth is,
I'm kind of in a slump.
- Well, buddy,
you're never gonna get out of it
by becoming some type
of Frankenstein monster
of testing results.
- You're right.
You know, I just gotta be me.
- Mm.
- Cool jacket.
Is that Yaast?
- Why, Yaast, it is.
- [laughs]
- It's still stupid.
- Okay, you're stupider.
Not you.
She's the stupid one.
- Having some bathroom ramen?
- Maybe.
- [sighs]
I'm sorry that I said
that you were
a barely functioning
human being.
Just gonna keep on slurping.
I'm the only one
looking out for Ruby,
and I never know
if I'm doing a good job.
- Well, you are.
Ruby's really awesome.
- Thanks.
And it wouldn't be
the worst thing in the world
if she ended up like you.
- Oh.
- It would be
really, really bad
but not the worst.
- Thank you?
- Hey! Check it out.
The Olympian's sharing
his bedroom secrets.
- What,
that he couldn't get it up
unless I wore his helmet
and called him Dark Side?
- That is disturbing.
- Well, on the upside,
they covered the bank robbery
I thwarted yesterday.
- See, the campaign worked.
Everybody's taking you
seriously.
- Yeah, I got a call
from the Justice League.
Europe, but still.
- Definitely one of the top five
Justice Leagues.
- It's not.
- Well, it looks like
we all got what we wanted.
And the best part about it is,
we didn't have to compromise
who we are as women.
You know, if there's one thing
I've learned, th--
[whooshing]
Hey!
No, wait, I'm trying
to explain feminism!
When a man is talking,
you listen--
God, she's coming back!
Whoa!
- Ha. That's funny.